---
startdate:  2018-11-20
starttime: "19h"
linktitle: "TechTue 499"
title: "TechTuesday 499"
price: ""
image: "techtuesday.png"
series: "TechTuesday"
eventtype: "Social get-together"
---

Techtuesdays are a social meet-up sort of thing, just walk in for a talk, club-mate, latest news, or to show off your latest pet-project ... or you can always stay home and read slashdot.


# New spot visit: Citygate
We are visiting our next spot at Citygate.  
Address: Rue des Goujons 152, 1070 Anderlecht  
Everyone interested, we meet there at 6PM.

# Regular Techtuesday @ molenbeek
A normal techtuesday will happen at our current spot in Molenbeek from 7pm.

# TechTue499 meeting notes

## Citygate 'visit 2' remarks

- its a maze, needs signage  (fred) 
- make a video with access route (ward)
- sanitary is quite far (100m)
- there is some work to do to clean up the space 
  - remove old floor
  - put in new floor
  - new layer of paint
  - replace single pane glass with double
  - Buy a good mop and bucket

## questions for the site
- Can we put the address of our VZW there?
  - probably no
  - can we put it on a PO box?
    - wsi will check this out 
  - What with snailmail letters?
- What is the ‘préavis’? In other words, how many time do we get when they stop the contract?
8 weeks
- Is there already internet available?
wifi in the building. we will setup our wireless belgium mesh network again
- can we have our own telephone / coax line for our own internet?
forgot to ask


## Moving date (weekend)
- 15-16/12
- Wouter will coordinate the move (but has to leave early on Sat)
- Fred will ride and see to rent a van/truck